Add on-boarding flow and corresponding tests. (#69)
Software-Improvement-Group/sigridci: azure-devops.md

## Prerequisites

- You have a Sigrid user account. 

> - [Python 3.7 or higher](https://www.python.org) needs to be available in the CI environment. The client scripts for Sigrid CI are based on Python.

Reviewer: Pedantic: there's only one script, right? 
```suggestion
- [Python 3.7 or higher](https://www.python.org) needs to be available in the CI environment. The client script for Sigrid CI is based on Python.
```
